cap 2 canalis img
cap 4 leprosus def
cap 9: ulcus def
cap 9: et misit pharao ad videndum
cap 9: in hac vice

grep sacrificium 

readthrough for proper names that maybe we can gloss

the chapter 6 image doesn't seem to have anything to do with the text.

"caput" at top of page, but "capitulum" throughout

golden haggadah:
http://www.bl.uk/manuscripts/Viewer.aspx?ref=add_ms_27210_f001r
f.10v: burning bush, talking with israelites! w/snake

"ut scias quoniam" in cap 8 and elsewhere could use a marginal note

ethiopian church art

header lines don't line up

what do I do with the double-i words -- they don't look right. Are they
right? etc

ch 9: ligna = plants

margin notes for lots of the quod constructions and other postclassical things
    * in monumentum
    * in fīliīs Isrāēl

get a picture for mola

rītus def

lol celebrare def cap 12
lol solemnis cap 12
not certain about festivitas cap 12

is there a name for all the -tiō nouns? Can I give a description/example and gloss them by that name?
relatedly, Phase in cap 12 means transitus, id est transitio

titleimage alignment is all kinds of messed up on left pages

the chapter 6 art kinda sucks

dude you use sacer/ra/rum everywhere and you don't define it

aperire vulvam becoming aperire ulvam wtf

comedere isnt in roma aeterna, do a search throughout
coetus/a/um too
mēnsī, mēnsūra too

proper names -- make sure the macrons are actually correct

difficult-to-define words that I want to be able to use liberally.
Maybe make a chapter where they are defined and mark them throughout the text.
* liquor
* mensura

cap16 verse 32: wtf does retro mean here????

mūtuō is not in llpsi

need an image for cap 18: maybe the james tissot painting of jethro and moses?

coetum needs def at beginning of cap 12

during the read-through you need to look for words that are obviously not in llpsi
like, why didn't sapphīrinī get caught by your software?

nēquitia has a kind of crappy definition

messed up note placement on onus, oneris in cap 1

Macron Checks:
CAP 1 CHECKED
CAP 2 CHECKED

cultus needs a def, it's used a lot, even in other definitions

note for: reversi sunt tam Aarōn (finis 31)

caps after colons
